docs: Update size requirements for company logos (#2808)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/meta/uploading-images.md

- We **prefer** SVG images, but if those do not exist we can use PNG images. Additionally, for cover images, we prefer that they are obtained from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) and are in the WebP format.

> Company logos that are PNGs should be at least 200x200px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Company logos should be square if possible, and at least 200x200px if they are PNGs (non-vector images).
```
I'd also note this
